CHAPTER I

BY FIRELIGHT


The night nursery was in darkness, save for the red glow of the fire,
and the occasional flickering light of a little yellow flame that
seemed to wake up every now and then and light up the room, casting
strange black shadows on the ceiling. In three little white beds lay
three boys. At least they should have been lying, but, as a matter of
fact, two were sitting up, with expressions of sullen rage upon their
tear-stained faces, and one was lying in a huddled heap beneath the
bedclothes, sobbing.

“For goodness’ sake stop that beastly sniveling, you little cry-baby,”
said David.

The sobbing ceased for a minute, then, from beneath the bedclothes,
came the muffled voice of Nipper. “I--I’m not a cry-cry-cry baby.” The
sobbing went on.

“Nipper,” said David sternly, “you have no reason to bleat like that.
You only got four, an me and Bill got a dozen each.”

This brought Nipper from beneath the bedclothes.

“That’s ’cos I have more sense in my little finger than you
two fat-heads have in the whole of your bodies. I trod hard on
grandfather’s worst corn, and that made him drop the birch. I jolly
soon picked it up, and threw it out of the window. And he couldn’t find
nothing else to beat me with, so he let me go. It’s not for the beating
I’m crying, it’s for something else. I was going to tell you about it,
but as you’re both such beasts I shan’t now.”

Having delivered himself of this speech, Nipper retired under the
bedclothes, and began a series of mournful sounds. Now, though David
was ready of speech and full of ideas, Bill, his twin, was a man of
action. It was always David who thought of splendid schemes, but Bill
who carried them out. Leaning far out of his bed he reached for one
of his boots, and, taking a careful aim, landed it with a thud upon
Nipper’s huddled figure. This brought forth Nipper’s own special
performance and chief means of defence, a siren-like shriek. As was to
be expected, it brought Nurse to the door.

“Now then, you naughty boys,” she said, “if I hear another sound I
shall go and tell your gran’pa.”

“You can jolly well go,” said David, “he’s lost the birch.”

“If you aren’t quiet at once,” continued Nurse, “I shall not allow you
to go to the horseshow to-morrow.”

“That’s all right,” said David. “Grandfather has already forbidden us
to go----”

“But we’re jolly well going all the same,” added Bill in an aside.

“You shan’t have any jam for breakfast,” said poor old Nurse in
despair. This was a serious matter.

“Then here goes,” said Bill, in a spasm of rage, and he let fly his
remaining boot.

It struck the old Nurse very hard on the hand. She had rheumatism, and
the blow hurt her. With a little exclamation of pain she retired, and
shut the door.